My husband saw a woman with
long, flowing black hair, wearing
a long white dress, with
red eyes and
sharp fingernails and toenails.
She
floated in front of my child,
then stopped
in front of her in
the middle of the night and invited her to play,
but my child didn't dare go. She also
hid a small, sharp knife
behind her back.
She
dropped it in front of my child and warned her
not to tell her parents.
At that time, my child was scared and didn't dare say anything.
[Music]
My name is Nguyen Thu Hoai, and I live in Mai
Trung commune, Hiep Hoa district, Bac Giang province.
My family has a story about my eldest child,
Trieu Ngoc Lan. Ngoc Lan
was born in 2015, and around 2018,
I noticed she had
trouble sleeping, waking up easily, and
had some kind of feeling of fear. When
I asked her, she didn't say anything. She would often
lie close to me, and sometimes even
wanted me to hug her to sleep. I started to
worry, but my husband
didn't pay much attention. He said it was just how children are and that
it would go away in a few days,
but it didn't.
This situation has lasted for
about three months. I've noticed that almost any
small noise wakes
my child up. Sometimes I worry. I tried
asking the temple about our situation at night,
and they guided me
to practice meditation at home. I went to the
temple, they gave me books, and I chanted scriptures and offered
food daily. After
about a month of practicing,
I noticed that my child's late-night sleep
decreased; she went to bed earlier and
slept better. Then I started
asking her. Before, she wouldn't
say anything, but now she's willing to say that
she saw a woman she
called "sister." She
told me she was very scared, and now, if I
heard it again, I would realize how terrible it was.
She still remembers it. I asked permission to go home and let
her recount what she saw:
she saw a woman with
long, flowing black hair,
wearing a long white dress, and her
eyes...  Red
fingernails and toenails
[music]
She
floated in front of my child
and then stopped
in front of my child at
midnight, even inviting my child to play,
but she didn't dare go out. At
night she appeared often, sometimes during the
day
[music]
During the day,
my child offered her a small, sharp knife. She also helped with a small knife
behind her back,
which fell in front of my child and warned
my child not to tell her parents.
At that time, my child was scared and didn't dare say anything. At that time, my child told me that I
used all my strength, and then I had faith
that my practice had
transformed my child. So I continued to practice
and make offerings to dedicate the merit to the spirits
affecting my
daughter through the phenomenon of
seeing her and being afraid to sleep.
After about a month, I noticed that
the late-night sleepiness decreased
significantly. My child had many days of sleeping early and sleeping
better without waking up. I
asked my child, and sometimes she said that
she wasn't scared of her anymore,
and other times she said that
she didn't scare her anymore. And
one last time, she said that she left.
Then, at that time, I told her what she said.
She said she was going back to the temple. She even
waved goodbye to me.
Then, when I went to the temple, I told my mother I was
going to the temple with her.
Several times after that, I saw her, I
saw her looking much more beautiful.
I said she was at the temple, and I saw
her looking more beautiful.
Her
hair was much shorter, she
was wearing
Buddhist clothes.
She was also doing her duty, sweeping the temple grounds and watering the flowers. Her eyes were
n't red anymore, the
black and white pupils were different.
She waved goodbye to me and smiled. I
did the same thing. And
from then on, I didn't
see her anymore, not
at home anymore. The things I saw about
her were
two or three times when I went to the temple recently.
But now, do I see her?
I've had this transformation.
I'm so happy. Because I do
n't know why.  Where else should I go for examination?
Now that I've been transformed, I know
I've found refuge. Then, the
ancient family matters
will have a direction and resolution.
Do you see this, esteemed fellow practitioners? This is the story
of little Trieu Ngoc Lan. Little Trieu Ngoc Lan
had a
very spirit-like friend who often invited her to play, to
play in the cemetery.
After her mother practiced meditation,
this phenomenon was transformed. Respectfully, esteemed
fellow practitioners, in the sutra, the person
born as a female Yaksha, we see
that the Yaksha, also called a ghost or
demon, is in the realm of spirits and
ghosts. It has a job: it
carries water. So, it's
normal for spirits and ghosts to do this.
Little Trieu Ngoc Lan saw the spirit, and after her
mother prayed and went to the temple, the
spirit changed its form. Its eyes are
no longer red, they return to normal
like a human's, its fingernails and
toenails return to normal, its abilities are
normal, and it even wears Buddhist clothes.
This is also due to merit and karmic reward; due to
merit and karmic reward, the change in form is quite
significant.  These spirits
have many different forms. Once
they have accumulated enough
merit, they will return to
human form and simply
wait to be reborn.
For example, if someone goes to the
temple and asks for a child at the Quan Am shrine in the middle of the lake (the
Quan Am shrine at Ba Vang Temple is
very sacred), it's because Ba
Vang Temple holds ceremonies for the deceased.
After the spirits return and receive
blessings from their families, they
become beautiful beings. They
might even be
transformed into male beings, and
then they perform
charitable work at the temple, thus increasing their own merit.
So, if someone has enough merit and blessings, they can go to the
Quan Am shrine to ask for a child, and the spirits will return and be
reborn. This is a
very interesting story because many young children, when they
see
these spirits, think they are friends, and the
spirits play with them.
Gradually, the children stop
interacting with outsiders.  When
she talked to herself, and
we took her to the doctor, they said she had
autism and attention deficit disorder,
but actually, she was playing with
her friends and did
n't know they were spirits.
She was playing and having fun, just like
little
Trieu Ngoc Lan. She was
afraid to tell her parents because they would scold her and forbid her from
playing with her friends.
Gradually, it got worse. So,
her case is truly
rare. Why? Because
I know about Buddhist teachings. Children, especially
young ones, often develop autism and
attention deficit disorder
because they suffer from insomnia, or poor sleep quality. Like
little Trieu Ngoc Lan, it
started like that, but gradually,
if she played with her friends
without practicing Buddhism, she would become
intimidated. They would just keep inviting her to climb and
play. And she would just keep playing with
them, and gradually it became a
serious illness.  This is a
rare case. Why is it called rare?
Because knowing about Buddhist teachings is rare, and
knowing how to practice and transform karma is rare.
If in these cases,
every mother and father knew how to practice, and
discovered this, then
saving the children would be very easy. The
story of Ms. Giang's son,
Duc Anh, at the Truc Thanh Buddhist center, was
a normal boy
in the second grade. Then the teacher
said he wasn't paying attention in class, always
talking to himself. That's when
Ms. Giang started
observing him. She saw him
playing alone, and when
she called him, he didn't answer. She
asked him what was wrong, and he said a friend had come to
play with him, and they talked.
She invited him to her friend's house, and he went to her friend's
house. It
means the spirits
manifested themselves, and they were in
our house, in our own home,
within our own space.  But the
spirit manifests itself like that. Here, you
see a house, a
flower gate, and other things, and then you go inside.
Actually, you're still playing in your own house,
but it manifests itself here,
like the child thinks it's a person, that's how it is. Then the child sees the person with the
knife, and they show it. At that moment, the
child sees the person taking the knife from somewhere
[music],
from behind their back, and then the child sees them putting it away. They hide it
behind their back. So,
spirits have many
things they can manifest themselves with. They
can bring toys or give you
all sorts of things to look at. Just
playing, hugging, talking to
each other. So, that's the realm
of spirits, and that's also called the
power of spirits and ghosts. Congratulations, my child!
Now, are you diligently practicing Buddhism? Do
you frequently pray to Buddha with your mother? I really
hope that
young parents
pay attention to their children. If you see
phenomena like little Trieu Ngoc Lan,
rely on Buddhist teachings and practice so that your
child can be blessed.  all good
[music]